index.md, before:

---
title: Home
subtitle: This is the subtitle
layout: page
---

# This is the home page. 

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi sollicitudin ultrices eros id accumsan. Vestibulum dictum volutpat sapien in molestie. Nunc auctor felis quis nibh tincidunt, vel sodales dolor viverra. Donec elementum dolor nisl, nec imperdiet sapien semper in.

## Another Title 

Integer ligula magna, vulputate in arcu vel, auctor aliquet enim. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. In hendrerit commodo ex, in blandit est iaculis id.

### Subtitle

Suspendisse potenti. Vivamus vitae felis placerat, consectetur tellus sed, consequat nulla. Sed id semper nulla. Nunc dui ligula, consequat id eleifend non, iaculis ut ex. Aenean fringilla convallis placerat. Aenean pulvinar accumsan magna, molestie aliquet nunc ornare nec. Sed commodo, turpis eget dapibus auctor, metus tellus eleifend quam, ut aliquet libero ligula id erat. Curabitur quis quam sed nibh efficitur vulputate. 

Vivamus fringilla quam non augue dictum dictum. Praesent semper dolor et vehicula sagittis. Pellentesque ornare, est non fringilla consequat, quam felis cursus neque, nec vulputate purus nisl et elit.

Commit message:

Added menubar and active classes to navbar. Added example layouts

index.md, after:

---
title: Bulma Clean Theme
subtitle: This is the demo site for Bulma Clean Theme
layout: page
---

# Bulma Clean Theme demo website

This website showcases the options for the Bulma Clean theme. The theme is available as a ruby gem or can be used with GitHub pages. 

## Ruby Gem

The ruby gem is available on the Ruby Gems website at the following location. [https://rubygems.org/gems/bulma-clean-theme](https://rubygems.org/gems/bulma-clean-theme)

## GitHub Pages

The theme can be used with GitHub Pages bu setting the `remote_theme` in your Jekyll sites `_config.yml`

```
remote_theme: chrisrhymes/bulma-clean-theme
```

## Instructions

For full instructions, please see the Readme at the GitHub repo:
[https://github.com/chrisrhymes/bulma-clean-theme/blob/master/README.md](https://github.com/chrisrhymes/bulma-clean-theme/blob/master/README.md)

## Page Layouts

This demo site showcases the available page layout options.

* Page With Sidebar
* Page Without Sidebar
* Page With Menubar
* Blog
* Post
