---
layout: post
title: VSTS 101
description: "VSTS 101"
modified: 2016-12-01
tags: [VSTS, Git, devops]
categories: [DevOps]
author: Ajeet
google_analytics:  UA-101864870-1
google_verify: GKeGILLEWvsJwRfdYMqqoMDZKOBZPWIWpHP9K2uIXHI
production: true
---     

VSTS is now known as Team Service is SaaS version of Team Foundation Server. More or less it's provide all the functionality which is available in TFS with some additional functionality which support Cloud based deployment.

<!--more-->

>Features I like most are

*   its cross platform and support Cloud as well on-premises deployment.

*    It’s a single platform where you can manage projects, teams, build, testing, release and most important reporting capabilities which give you live status so you can act upon.

*  You can integrate various automation testing tools either using REST API's or it’s also provide easy integration.

* You can add template based task to your build and release definitions and if it’s not there then you can add them through marketplace.

* It support load testing across the geographies.

* As its SaaS based service you need not to bother about its availability and time to time upgrade.

* App Insight can be easily integrated with Team Services

> Limitations

*  Like TFS it cannot be integrated with the SharePoint.

* No SSRS like TFS. Team Services come with basic reporting capabilities. If you need rich reporting you can integrate with Power BI.

> Project Management

Project Manager can easily create/ manage the plan and keep track of current/overall status (live). PM can easily integrate VSTS with MS Project and Excel as well.

> Process

* Agile: Choose Agile when your team uses Agile planning methods, including Scrum, and track development and test activities separately.

* CMMI: Choose CMMI when your team follows more formal project methods that require a framework for process improvement.

* Scrum: Choose Scrum when your team practices Scrum. This process works great if you want to track product backlog items (PBIs) and bugs on the Kanban board, or break PBIs and bugs down into tasks on the task board.

> Build/ Build Triggers

* Continuous integration (CI): Select this trigger if you want the build to run whenever someone checks in code. 

* Scheduled: Select the days and times when you want to run the build.

* TFVC gated check-in: If your code is in a Team Foundation version control repository, use gated check-in to protect against breaking changes.

> Testing Features/ Support in VSTS

* Load testing – on premises, on the cloud
        Continuous testing in DevOps
        Manual testing
        Exploratory testing
        User acceptance testing
        Unit testing and IDE

> Team Service pricing

By default there is no charges for MSDN users along with 5 free non MSDN users. If there is more than 5 non MSDN users you need to pay the price based on the number of users.

>For more details:  https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/products/visual-studio-team-services-pricing-vs.aspx


---
Please do let me know your thoughts/ suggestions/ question in ***disqus*** section.

---