---
title: 'My garden'
published: false
date: '2023-05-05T10:40:00+01:00'
author: Sander
layout: page
#toc: true
menubar_toc: true
show_sidebar: false
#menubar_toc: true
permalink: /2023/05/05/my-garden/
categories:
    - Projects
    - Garden
tags:
    - Garden
    - Nature
hero_image: /assets/img/2023/05/05/hero_image.jpg
#hero_height: is-large
hero_darken: true
image: /assets/img/2023/05/05/post_image.jpg
---

## Introduction

On this blog I will try to write some stuff about my gardening experience. I'm no expert or whatsoever. I just do things, and sometimes they work.
This first blogitem will be a bit long, normal posts will be much smaller.

I've been living in an appartment for nearly 10 years. Balcony and large windows situated on the south side. So my balcony was an oven. Very hot with all that concrete. Each year I enjoyed the balcony less and less due to that. So time to move to a house with a nice garden.   

It is now more then 4 years ago since I bought my new house. And as the title already gave away... A house with garden .  

For Dutch standards my garden is reasonably large. Not large-large, but decent. A total plot size of 372 square meters and my (back)yard probably around 250 square meters.
The previous owner did a good job with lot of nice plants and grass. So I had a perfect base to start with. 

## 2019
First things I did was removing unnecessary stone paths, and creating a few new borders for flowers and plants.
Also removed a part of the double driveway so I could move a fence a bit further away, giving me a few meters extra space

## 2020

It was also time to give the birds some love. I noticed that they really loved a small water ornament. 
Time to dig a bigger one!

img
Just a small pond with a nice branch to sit on, and for small animals to escape if they fall into the water.

Kattenren

## 2021
My soil is mostly clay. In the previous winters I've noticed that the grass became very slippery.
So I paid a company to remove the top layer and replace it with normal dirt. 


## 2022
Pond became a real pond

Chickens!

## 2023 
Project verwildering



Rotstuintje
